Doc 1189/cycle 4 changelog (#371)
swan-io/docs: changelog/coming-up.mdx

🛑 Starting **August 18th**, the `initiateCheckMerchantPayment` mutation will return a new rejection: `MerchantPaymentAlreadyExistsRejection`. This occurs when **you try to create a merchant payment** and the **CMC7 value** is already used by an existing payment that hasn't been `Rejected` or `Canceled`. If the existing payment with the same CMC7 *was* `Rejected` or `Canceled`, your mutation will still succeed.

💳 Starting **August 21st**, refund transactions will be linked to the `paymentId` of their original debit authorization when referenced by merchants. This change affects you only if you expect debit clearing transactions on a debit authorization.

📄 Starting **August 28th**, we'll start using these new, already available enum variables: `USPersonStatusDeclaration` and `ProofOfBusinessActivity` for [SupportingDocumentPurpose](https://api-reference.swan.io/objects/supporting-document-purpose/), and `W9`, `W8`, and `CertificateOfLossOfNationality` for [SupportingDocumentType](https://api-reference.swan.io/enums/supporting-document-type/).

> 📖 **October 9th** is the compliance date for the new **Verification of Payee regulation**. Read our [documentation](https://docs.swan.io/topics/payments/credit-transfers/sepa/verification-of-payee/) to determine how this European regulation impacts your business and how to update your Swan integration.

Reviewer: If we've been approved to share this date for VOP, then this should also appear in the "Upcoming breaking changes" section of the main changelog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
📖 Starting **October 9th**  the new **[Verification of Payee](https://docs.swan.io/topics/payments/credit-transfers/sepa/verification-of-payee/)** regulation takes effect. Review the documentation to determine how this European regulation impacts your business and how to update your Swan integration.
```
